So the other last piece to look at
is around some of the CI/CD stuff.
Now, I'm gonna show you an example
of works with GitHub Actions.
I know that like GitHub Actions will work
great, especially if it's a small project,
or maybe an open source project or
stuff along those lines.
For those of you in the room,
we did general introductions, and
I know that there's probably if I had
a guess, 50% Jenkins in the room.
>> Yep.
>> Yep, yeah, [LAUGH] right and so,
the nuances of all these things,
will kind of vary a little bit as well.
But, it's the kind of difference we
saw before between Cypress open and,
Cypress run.
So I'm gonna do Cypress run instead,
this will take a second or two.
And what this is going to do is not
going to fire up a browser that you see,
that you can like click around through and
do a bunch of stuff.
It is going to spin up
a headless version and,
kind of go through all of it one by one,
right?
There's a bunch of stuff you can do and
all of this will be built to a specific.
You could theoretically grab some
Docker containers, that have Chrome and
stuff along those lines,
and do that as well.
If you don't specify anything, it's just
gonna use its built in electron browser.
But like this almost looks, very
similar to a set of unit tests, right?
Where it is basically running
through each spec, and
you can kinda see it pass by as
it runs through all of them.
Where it is also like recording videos,
and taking screenshots,
so that you can theoretically
kind of view them.
The one nice thing about
the Cypress tool itself,
like the run stuff that we saw before.
Is that, you can have a GitHub Action
that runs, or anything but
then you could also give
Cypress your GitHub token.
And they can open responses on the PR,
with a review of which tests failed,
what the videos are.
And stuff along those lines, that
allow you to see that super easily and
kind of get that immediate feedback.
Cuz we all get the thing where it
fails and you gotta go into the tool,
especially if you're a larger company,.
You gotta two factor auth [LAUGH] and
be on the VPN or
else it's not gonna work, and
all those kinds of things.
So the ability to get that
feedback incredibly quickly,
is super useful as well.
But, the run version of this is what we
expect to run on a CI/CD process, right?
And it should go ahead and
collect those images and videos and
it should bubble up the ones that fail,
so on so forth.
And like if I run this right
now these are getting saved,
to a folder that I am
personally get ignoring, right?
I think you can kind of see all the ones
that was kind of running through I think
the failures,
these are probably previous runs as well.
But I will say the videos we can kinda
see the process of what happened.
Cuz I clearly it's headless,
you're gonna triage it after the fact
you're not gonna watch your build process.
And you can kind of go ahead and see it,
the peculiarities are obviously
gonna be slightly different.
In the resources I'll kind
of talk about it real quick,
we do have an example of a kind
of very simple GitHub Action.
That we can just talk about real quick,
but
basically will check out the code
install your node modules.
They publish a GitHub Action
that you can use,
we can specify what browser
should it be headless?
How do you start the,
application what port are you waiting on,
so on and so forth.
I think the kind of
sophisticated parts is that,
as it grows if you got the right
kind of set of like tools,
you can begin to start to paralyze them,
and split them across as well.
You need a little bit more of a Docker
situation to make all that happen,
that's kind of a little bit
beyond our scope right now.
That's kind of if we did like a production
advanced version of this I think we can
go all the way into that.
But, it's a little tricky to do
in any kind of meaningful way,
without kind of getting really into
the front end build pipeline stuff.
But the idea is this is a fairly easy way
to add at least to having the initial
parts to make sure your tests are running,
on every open PR, right?
And I think GitHub's free tier for
GitHub Actions is pretty generous.
I don't remember off the top of my head
I did earlier at one point today I think
it's like 1,000 minutes or
something like that a month.
Which for a lot of those things you're
in a great situation if you blow
past that tier,
means that you are shipping so much code.
But yeah, but kind of having those pieces
in place I think is incredibly powerful.
But yeah, I think the interesting
parts there are automating that,
because you're not gonna run
this all the time, right?
But again some of those, we had it
working with Buildkite at SendGrid,
and again,
it was simply a plugin in that case.
And again, it's spinning up
a container that has node usually so
you can actually run, all of the pieces,
stuff along those lines.